EE: Document key-auth support in on-prem (self-hosted) application registration, 2.2.1.0 patch release (READY FOR DOCS REVIEW) (#2527)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/2.2.x/developer-portal/administration/application-registration/enable-application-registration.md

---

## Introduction
Application Registration allows registered developers on the Kong Developer Portal to

> authenticate with OAuth2 against a Service on Kong. Either Kong or an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authenticate with supported Authentication
  plugins against a Service on Kong. Either Kong or an
```

> authenticate with supported Authentication plugins against a Service on Kong. Either Kong or an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
authenticate with supported Authentication plugins against a Service on Kong. Either {{site.base_gateway}} or
```

| Form Parameter | Description                                                                       |
|:---------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `Service` | The Service that this plugin configuration will target. Required. |
| `Tags` | A set of strings for grouping and filtering, separated by commas. Optional. |
| `Auto Approve` | If enabled, all new Service contract requests are automatically approved. Otherwise, Dev Portal admins must manually approve requests. Default: `false`. |
| `Description` | Description displayed in the information about a Service in the Developer Portal. Optional. |
| `Display Name` | Unique name displayed in the information about a Service in the Developer Portal. Required. |
| `Show Issuer` | Displays the Issuer URL in the Service Details page. Default: `false`. **Important:** Exposing the **Issuer URL** is essential for the [Authorization Code Flow](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/developer-portal/administration/application-registration/3rd-party-oauth/#ac-flow) workflow configured for third-party identity providers. |

## Next steps

> Kong OAuth2 strategy:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}} OAuth2 strategy:
```

Author: will rework. this rebrand is a bit unwieldy.

> * If using the Kong-managed authorization strategy

Reviewer 2: same comment as above, this should probably be Kong Gateway-managed. Applies everywhere.

Author: Well that seems to make it much longer than it needs to be. It is the 'kong-oauth2' strategy.
